Now we scaj Day today
Introducing the clever blipper found
Fine this time
It's kinda nice
Just say what is good
The previous hand drip is
There's is no longer needed hit
Then
I want to proceed
Mr. Tatsumi and coffee
It is set in the same way as always
To there
From the pot
We pour hot water directly
There is no particular technology in how to sharpen
If you only need the amount you need
ok
Hmm
Then cover and wait 1 minute
As you see and understand
Coffee does not leak from the hole
I've decided that one minute has passed
Take the lid
I'm going to break
Feel fast and
Close the lid again for 1 minute
wait
I stood for one minute
Dripper to server
Teach
ThatLookLikeThis
Coffee is dripper
I went to the
Just this
It is finished
Hand drip
It is not necessary anymore
Fine this time
I think it's also popular in Japan